Add initial changes to cep-47 introduction and prepare sections (#196)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/glossary/G.md

The state of the virtual machine at the beginning of the blockchain.

## Groups {#groups}

> The Groups feature provides access control to a contract's runtime context. It is used only once to restrict the use of the constructor entry_point, which sets up necessary data storage in the contract context.

Reviewer: contracts*

Author: I would like to get @ipopescu 's input for this.

Reviewer 2: Based on our group discussion, providing a wider definition and clarifying the possessive form for the contract.
```suggestion
The *user groups* feature provides access control to the entry points of a contract by creating a new user group for that contract (versioned or not). This feature restricts the use of the constructor entry_point, which sets up the necessary data storage in the runtime context that belongs to the contract. Here is how it works:
- User groups associate a set of URefs with a label.
- The entry points on a contract can accept a list of labels
- The runtime checks that a URef from at least one of the allowed groups is present in the caller's context before execution. 
```
